Removing hardcoded Prometheus username and password (#31)
infrawatch/functional-tests: README.rst

  The name of the container where qdr is running, e.g. ``metrics_qdr``, ``qdr-test``

  default: ``metrics_qdr`

Running e2e tests against existing STF
--------------------------------------

E2E tests are currently running  against predeployed STF that installed  on top of OpenShift deployed in QuickLab insfrastracture.

> There is an inventory file called stf.inf that should be uncluded in the ansible-playbbok command along side with the Infrared inventory file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an inventory file called stf.inf that should be included in the ansible-playbook command along side with the Infrared inventory file.
```
